inam Ahmed is preparing for a family of
17 in Rafa but she doesn't have enough
food and many of our family will not be
able to break their
fast Ramadan is supposed to be a month
of blessings which we anticipate the
whole year in Ramadan we need to eat and
drink but the economic situation is hard
prices are inflated there is a lack of
food malnutrition is rampant and there
is no clean
water the United Nation says a quarter
of gaza's 2.3 million people are one
step away from
farming this year Palestinians are
fasting when they are already
undernourished we are sick how could we
fast because of malnutrition we feel
dizzy all day long my legs can't carry
me there is nothing to nourish my
body during Ramadan this Market in Rafa
is usually full of people and stalls
filled with produce but because of
Israel's war on Gaza there is little
food in the market and most Palestinians
cannot afford to buy what there
[Music]
is I along with other family members
went searching in the market to buy
something that we could eat to break our
fast unfortunately the situation is very
difficult there is no proper food and we
are suffering from malnutrition even if
you could find any food it would be very
expensive the situation is very
catastrophic we don't know what to feed
our children or what to eat nothing to
nourish the
body for months many parents have
struggled every day to find food to feed
their children let alone worry about
finding some to break their fast during
the holy
month we do not know what to feed our
kids we ourselves do not know what to
eat there is no food supply in the
markets we've got nothing to
eat Ramadan is traditionally a time of
joy and celebration in Gaza but for
Ahmed and other Palestinians this year
it's one of hardship and horror Hamza
Muhammad Al
jaaz